feat: add README and release please for anthropic instrumentor (#925)
Arize-ai/openinference: python/instrumentation/openinference-instrumentation-anthropic/README.md

# OpenInference Anthropic Instrumentation

Python autoinstrumentation library for the [Anthropic](https://www.anthropic.com/api) package

> This package implements the following Anthropic clients:
> - `Messages`
> - `Completions`
> - `AsyncMessages`
> - `AsyncCompletions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package instruments messages and completions for both sync and async Anthropic clients.
```

I would think of `anthropic.Anthropic` and `anthropic.AsyncAnthropic` as the clients.
